{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12460\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Exercise 1: Print Even Numbers\
Write a program that prints all even numbers from 1 to 20.\
\
Exercise 2: FizzBuzz\
Write a program that prints numbers from 1 to 50. \
For multiples of 3, print "Fizz" instead of the number. \
For multiples of 5, print "Buzz" instead of the number. \
For numbers that are multiples of both 3 and 5, print "FizzBuzz".\
\
Exercise 3: Sum of Multiples\
Write a program that calculates the sum of all the numbers divisible by 3 or 5 from 1 to 1000 and outputs the result.\
\
Exercise 4: Reverse String\
Write a function that takes a string as input and returns the reverse of that string. For example, if the input is "Hello", the output should be "olleH".\
\
Exercise 5: Palindrome Checker\
Write a function that takes a string as input and checks if it is a palindrome (reads the same forwards and backwards). Return true if it is a palindrome, and false otherwise.\
\
Exercise 6: Factorial\
Write a function that calculates the factorial of a given number. The factorial of a non-negative integer n is the product of all positive integers less than or equal to n. For example, the factorial of 5 (denoted as 5!) is 5 * 4 * 3 * 2 * 1 = 120.\
\
Exercise 7: Prime Number Checker\
Write a function that takes a number as input and checks if it is a prime number. A prime number is a natural number greater than 1 that has no positive divisors other than 1 and itself. Return true if the number is prime, and false otherwise.\
\
Exercise 8: Array Max and Min\
Write a function that takes an array of numbers as input and returns an object containing the maximum and minimum numbers in the array.\
\
Exercise 9: Capitalize First Letter\
Write a function that takes a sentence as input and returns the same sentence with the first letter of each word capitalized.\
\
Exercise 10: Fibonacci Sequence\
Write a function that generates the Fibonacci sequence up to a given number of terms. The Fibonacci sequence is a series of numbers where each number is the sum of the two preceding ones. The sequence starts with 0 and 1.\
\
\
\
Exercise 1: Factorial\
Write a program that calculates the factorial of a given number. Prompt the user to enter a number, and then calculate and print its factorial.\
\
Exercise 2: Palindrome Checker\
Write a program that prompts the user to enter a word and checks if it is a palindrome. A palindrome is a word that reads the same forwards and backwards. Print "Palindrome" if it is, and "Not a palindrome" if it isn't.\
\
Exercise 3: Sum of Digits\
Write a program that prompts the user to enter a positive integer and calculates the sum of its digits. For example, if the input is 12345, the program should calculate and print the sum: 1 + 2 + 3 + 4 + 5 = 15.\
\
Exercise 4: Multiplication Table\
Write a program that prompts the user to enter a number and prints the multiplication table for that number up to 10. For example, if the input is 5, the program should print:\
```\
5 x 1 = 5\
5 x 2 = 10\
5 x 3 = 15\
...\
5 x 10 = 50\
```\
\
Exercise 5: Reverse Number\
Write a program that prompts the user to enter a positive integer and prints the reverse of that number. For example, if the input is 12345, the program should print 54321.\
\
Exercise 6: Fibonacci Series\
Write a program that prompts the user to enter the number of terms in the Fibonacci series and prints the series. The Fibonacci series is a sequence of numbers in which each number is the sum of the two preceding ones. For example, if the input is 7, the program should print: 0, 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8.\
\
Exercise 7: Vowel Counter\
Write a program that prompts the user to enter a string and counts the number of vowels (a, e, i, o, u) in that string. Print the count of vowels.\
\
Exercise 8: GCD (Greatest Common Divisor)\
Write a program that prompts the user to enter two positive integers and calculates their Greatest Common Divisor (GCD). Print the GCD.\
\
Exercise 9: Prime Number Checker\
Write a program that prompts the user to enter a positive integer and checks if it is a prime number. Print "Prime" if it is, and "Not prime" if it isn't.\
\
Exercise 10: Pattern Printing\
Write a program that prompts the user to enter a number and prints the following pattern:\
```\
1\
1 2\
1 2 3\
1 2 3 4\
...\
```\
\
Feel free to try out these intermediate-level exercises to enhance your skills with loops and conditionals in JavaScript!}